Ep 5 draft (#46)
carpentries-incubator/better-research-software-r: episodes/05-code-structure.md

### Code state

At this point, the code in your local software project's directory should be as in:
<https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/better-research-software-r/blob/main/tree/04-code-structure>

::::::

::: spoiler

### Make sure your packages and dependencies are up to date

In the previous section we discussed using the package renv.lock to track packages and their dependencies. At this time, you should have a current renv.lock files and you should have restored the packages library. 

You can check that the project is up-to-date with 

```r
renv::status() #you can run this any time
```

> If you haven't, you can restore the packages and their dependencies by running

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't have up-to-date packages, you can restore the packages and their dependencies by running
```
